h1. Live-loop-tool

The best way to understand, is to watch it in action.

h2. "Watch on YouTube(1:01 minutes)":http://uk.youtube.com/watch?v=ekBqPgVNk38


Live-loop-tool is not released as a piece of stable, finished software, more as an interesting piece of code. 

bq. Released under the GNU General Public License.

bq. This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

bq. This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

bq. You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with 
this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple
Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307 USA

h2. Requirements

You need a MIDI keyboard plugged in to make the most of it.

h2. Installation

* Copy the files in @classes/@ into your SC class load path. Usually this is something like @~/Application\ Support/SuperCollider/Extensions/@

* In SuperCollider, open @start-here.rtf@

* Follow the instructions in that file

bq. *There's been a minimum of effort gone into making it easy to install or stable to operate! Use at your own risk.*

h2. Usage

There are three parts of the system.

* a buffer manager used for loading and organising drum hits

* a probabilistic drum sequencer used for playing them

* a live effects unit which does some cool stuff to the output

You should be able to figure out how it all works. Perhaps at some point I'll write some more instructions..!

h2. Contact me

Via "github":http://github.com/rfwatson
